this is the story so far
the amazing Swedish music wonder the
real group a vocal group that has
accomplished more in their career than
many bands would even dare to dream
about the five members of the real huge
started out more or less for fun the
group has worked with legends like
George Martin Bobby McFerrin and twit
steelman's the warmth of the sound and
the wood the good arranging
harmonization with precision they've
sold over half a million records and
toured the world before me at least 1500
concerts there are many reasons for the
real group success first of all they've
developed a unique vocal sound all of
their own with brilliant arrangements
personality perfection and sweet soul
harmony unlike many other vocal groups
the real group write their own material
original music in an area between pop
jazz and folk music the real group has
created their own musical niche and
reached a broad audience in fact their
last three albums have all reached the
top-selling charts in Sweden with the
best of albums so far reaching platinum
status
constant touring has also built a large
fan base in countries like Austria
Canada Taiwan and South Africa and the
real group has over the years received
many international awards for their
albums and solo performances in May 2002
the group was invited to perform at the
opening ceremony of the World Cup in
Seoul South Korea
representing Europe the group performed
two songs which are broadcast over the
entire world
the high points of their career to this
point of in many the future certainly
looks bright for the real group